A month, maybe less than half a month
Otherwise, my godmother will throw all the money here
You really think I'm stupid.
I thought so.
You are starting
Not so much?
If I'm not wrong
This land
It's to be dismantled.
Otherwise, why would the Wang family set their sights on this?
What if it is demolished?
Mr. Ye, you are going to make a lot of money.
And Mr. Ye
In that case
You should be more careful.
Think about it.
You robbed the Wang family's land and made money
They won't let us go
There are no soldiers to flood the water and soil
His Wang family is rich
I, Ye Fan, have no money now
That's true. But Mr. Yip?
I still advise you to go out as little as possible
Their royal family
No rules
Don't worry, hide
Dear, you are back.
Honey, why are you so angry?
Did you find the person who robbed your land last week?
Found it, guess who it is?
Who is it? It's your useless fiancé
He paid 70,000 yuan later
Bought me all that damn chicken
That's impossible.
Absolutely impossible
You've got it wrong.